New docs IAM guides (#1152)
meshcloud/meshcloud-docs: docs/new-guide-how-to-manage-api-keys.md

---
id: new-guide-how-to-manage-api-keys
title: How to Manage API Keys
---

:::note What is this guide about?
This guide explains how to handle API keys to provide workspaces scoped API access to meshStack. Managing these keys effectively is crucial to maintain security and control over API access. 
:::

## Challenge

You want to provide application teams dedicated API keys scoped for their workspaces to access only certain objects in meshStack. This is useful for integrations or automations that require API access without exposing broader permissions across the whole organization.

## Prerequisites

- API keys are enabled in the meshStack instance. Check in the admin area under settings > compliance > API keys.
- No limiting quota set on the workspace for API keys. If you want to limit the number of API keys per workspace, please refer to [How to Limit Workspace Resources](new-guide-how-to-limit-workspace-resources.md).

> - Workspace owner or manager permissions on the workspace where you want to manage API keys.

Reviewer: Organization Admins can also create API Keys in any workspace. But not sure if this should be mentioned in this guide.

## Step-by-Step Guide to Set Up API Keys

1. Open the respective workspace and go to Workspace Access → API Keys. 
2. Issue a new API key by clicking "create API key" and provide a name and an authorization scope.
3. Make sure to save the secret and key ID securely to make the request

> 4. Issue an API call towards the backend to receive a short-lived bearer token e.g. /api/login (Provide the following keys in the body of the request in the x-www-form-urlencoded format):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Issue an API call towards the backend to receive a short-lived bearer token via /api/login (Provide the following keys in the body of the request in the x-www-form-urlencoded format):
```
d: This is not e.g., but it is exactly this login endpoint that must be called, right?
